Title: Datacenter Move outage
Date: 2025-06-30 01:00+0000
OutageFinish: 2025-07-04 01:00+0000
Ticket: 12603

We will be moving services and applications from our IAD2 datacenter to a new RDU3 one.

End user services such as: docs, mirrorlists, dns, pagure.io, torrent, fedorapeople, fedoraproject.org website, and tier0 download server will be unaffected and should continue to work normally through the outage window.

Other services may be up and down during the outage window.

Contributors are advised to wait until after the outage window to resume work and report issues with services.

Update 2025-07-01 01:00UTC:

Many services have been migrated, but there's still a number to bring up and validate.
Tomorrow the buildsystem (koji) and related services will be migrated, then will we
work to bring everything on line. Thanks again for everyone's patience during this move.

Please be aware that CentOS Stream infrastructure may be affected by the move as well.

Update 2025-07-02 2:30UTC:

We have migrated all our data and deployed all instances in the new datacenter,
and now it's just a matter of bringing everything back online.

More services are back online, including:
src.fedoraproject.org
wiki
authentication
matrix bots
openshift cluster consoles
fasjson
elections
fmn
accounts
mote
lists/mailman
rabbitmq clusters
registry
downloads
...and others.

Unfortunately today we hit some network issues and were not able to bring koji
back up. It should be back after some firewall changes tomorrow we hope.
After that we plan to bring up the entire build/sign/compose pipeline as well
as all the remaining applications.

